[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: So rather than tell you
about it, I thought I would write a little
code to kind of demonstrate some of the
key features of the framework that we're
already taking advantage of in the TODO
application in kind of a smaller chunk.
I'll drop the JS fiddle here into the chat
after we get through things here.
But I'm going to write a little
bit of code here in this fiddle.
I'm loading in View from NPMCDN.com
which is actually a nifty tool for
loading in NPM modules into
your In your front end code,
especially in situations like this
where you're whipping up a fiddle.
In any case this is all
I've started off with
here is having View loaded
in the global window scope.
And then I've got a HTML element that I'm
gonna essentially buy
my view component too.
I'm gonna create a new view and
what I'm gonna endeavor
to do is to create a Todo list
interface which will show up
in the lower right hand corner
of the screen over here.
When I create a component,
a view component,
I'm going to bind it to
an individual element.
And here I pass in a selector for
that component element.
And the first thing I'm probably gonna
want for my View is some kind of
input like a text field
input that's going to,
it's gonna be the place where I
actually type in my TODO list item.
And then I'll have a button.
I'll make this a little bigger.
I'll have a button that you'll click
to actually add the TODO item.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And
then I'll probably have a list here of
all the items on my TODO list.
If I reload the page I've
got my user interface but
it doesn't actually do anything just yet.
The first bit that I'm gonna do is declare
a data attribute of my View component.
This data attribute when you
declare it upfront like this
basically allows a view to monitor
these properties of this data object.
If you make any changes to
the properties of this object,
those will update any
user interface elements.
They're bound to those attributes.
In this case, I'm gonna create
a data element for need TODO's.
And maybe I'll seed it with one to
do list item like get the milk or
something like that.
So I've got whoops,
that's not what I wanted.
I wanted that.
I've got a View component
with some basic data in it.
And now I need to render that
out to my user interface here.
The way in which you do that in
View is with an HTML directive,
which most of which for
ViewJS are prefixed with a [INAUDIBLE].
And there's a directive called
Vfor which will loop over an array
within your data model and
output some template based on that.
For TODO in the TODO's
which is this element of my
data object down here I'm
gonna render a list item.
And then gonna use the double mustaches
to output some data from my model And
then going just output to do.text.
And when I read that I
now get my list updating.
Now I need to wire up my user
interface here such that
I can enter a new to do
list item click the button.
And something's going to happen.
So for
that I'm gonna do a couple of things.
I'm going to bind the value
of the input field
to a property of my of my
underlying data model.
And the way that I do that in view
is with this V model directive.
And I'm gonna say that I want to
bind the value of this input field
with a model field called newTodo,
which doesn't yet exist.
I'm going to come down here and
add that to my data model.
And I'll initialize that
to just be an empty string.
And then, to actually make it such
that I can add newTodo items,
I gotta have, I have to make this
button do something as well.
There's also a directive for that for
binding event handlers on your HTML and
that directive is called V-on.
And then you after a colon you can
pass in the name of a that you're
interested in bindings.
So V-on click,
is going to be a model object or
a model method that we
haven't defined yet.
I will just call.
Now we need to go down
here back to our component
in addition to tracking the element and
the data associated with it.
We're gonna create some
methods on our object.
And we're gonna create one called ADD.
And what that ADD function is gonna do.
It's going to push a new item
into our list of TODO's.
So in this case,
the text is going to be
the current value of this.newTodo.
We're gonna add that
to our list of TODO's.
And then we'll also blank
out our new TODO item,
setting that back to a blank string.
>> Kevin Whinnery: So if I run that I
should be able to come over here and
say new to do item and click Enter.
And it looks like by and large,
my little TODO list is working.
So, again what I think is
really neat about this is
with what is a very small amount of code,
and
not having to change how I render my
page very much, I get this really
powerful data binding mechanism and
event handling in this component,
which is pretty much completely
decoupled from my HTML markup.
There's a lot more that View can do.
For the exercise that I'm
about to turn you loose on,
you're gonna want to definitely
check out View's excellent
guide which kind of takes you through
a lot of the core concepts you're going
to need to learn get up to
speed I'm developing with you.
And as always we like to bring up
the alternative slide here because
there's always a million ways to do
everything in the in the JavaScript world.
We had to kind of went over them all
of them are great alternatives to use.
I explained some of the reasoning behind
like why I am kind of high on View because
I feel like the value that it provides
me is very high relative to what it asks
of me in terms of how I
structure my application,
in terms of how many
dependencies I need to load in.
So I think View is a nice
combination of features and weight.
But these other frameworks
up here are also awesome.
React is taking over the world.
React Native is a really
cool project especially.
Ember does a lot of things really well.
Backbone, it was my previous go to for
a lighter weight MVC type thing.
So all of these, totally awesome.
You should use them if you like them,
if it makes you happy.